We'll be safe. We'll be safe.
Zehobereians.
Mother! Where's my mother?
Choose a side or die.
Mother!
One side is a revelation...
the other an honor
known only to a few.
What's wrong, little one?
My mother.
Where is my mother?
What's your name?
Gamora.
You're quite the
fighter, Gamora.
Come.
Let me help you.
Look.
Pretty, isn't it?
Perfectly balanced,
as all things should be.
Too much to one
side or the other...
Here. You try.
Now, go in peace
to meet your maker.
Uh-uh.
Concentrate.
There. You've got it.
Gamora.
Do you know if these grenades
are the blow-off-your-junk
kind or the gas kind?
Because I was thinking about
hanging a couple
on my belt right here.
But I don't want
to if they're the...
I need to ask a favor.
Yeah, sure.
One way or another,
the path that we're
on leads to Thanos.
Which is what the
grenades are for.
Uh, I'm sorry.
What's the favor?
If things go wrong...
If Thanos gets me...
I want you to promise me...
you'll kill me.
What?
I know something he doesn't.
And if he finds it out,
the entire universe
could be at risk.
What do you know?
If I tell you, you'd know too.
If it's so important...
shouldn't I?
Only if you wanna die.
Why does somebody always
have to die in this scenario?
Just...
Trust me. And possibly kill me.
I mean, I'd like to.
I really would. But you...
Swear to me.
Swear to me on your mother.
Okay.
- Oh.
- Dude.
How long have you
been standing there?
An hour.
An hour?
Are you serious?
I've mastered the ability
of standing so
incredibly still...
that I become
invisible to the eye.
Watch.
You're eating a zarg-nut.
But my movement...
was so slow...
that it's imperceptible.
Mmm, no.
I'm sure I'm invisible.
Hi, Drax.
Damn it.
This place looks deserted.
I'm reading movement
in the third quadrant.
Yep, I'm picking that up too.
Let's put down right here.
I don't have it.
Everyone in the galaxy knows
you'd sell your own brother...
if you thought it would add
even the slightest trinket...
to your pathetic collection.
I know you have the
Reality Stone, Tivan.
Giving it to me will spare
you a great deal of suffering.
I told you.
I sold it.
Why would I lie?
I imagine it's like
breathing for you.
Like suicide.
You do understand.
Not even you would surrender
something so precious.
I didn't know what it was.
Then you're more of a
fool than I took you for.
It's him.
Last chance, charlatan.
Where's the stone?
Today...
Drax. Drax.
...he pays for the deaths
of my wife and daughter.
Drax, wait.
Not yet, not yet, not yet.
Drax.
Drax, Drax, Drax.
Listen to me.
He doesn't have the stone yet.
If we get it, then
we can stop him.
We have to get the stone first.
Yeah.
No.
For Ovette, for Camaria.
Sleep.
Okay.
Gamora, Mantis,
you go right.
The other right.
Why?
Why you, daughter?
That was quick.
Magnificent!
Magnificent! Magnificent!
Is that sadness
I sense in you, daughter?
In my heart,
I knew you still cared.
But one never knows for sure.
Reality is often disappointing.
That is, it was.
Now...
reality can be whatever I want.
You knew I'd come.
I counted on it.
There's something we
need to discuss, little one.
Thanos!
No!
Let her go, Grimace.
Peter.
I told you to go right.
Now? Really?
You let her go!
Ah, the boyfriend.
No.
Like to think of myself
more as a Titan-killing,
long-term booty call.
- Let her go.
- Peter.
I'm gonna blow that nutsack
of a chin right off your face.
Not him.
You promised.
Oh, daughter.
You expect too much from him.
She's asked, hasn't she?
Do it.
Mmm.
Do it!
I told you to go right.
I love you more than anything.
I love you too.
I like him.
Excuse me, I'm looking
for Maria Rambeau.
Auntie Carol?
Mom, it's Auntie Carol!
I knew it!
Everyone said you were dead!
But we knew they were lying.
I'm not really who
you think I am.
That is the craziest
shit I ever heard.
Green transforming aliens?
There's no such thing.
You are absolutely
right, young lady.
There is no such thing.
'Cause if there were,
we would want to
keep that to ourselves.
You don't believe me?
No way!
That's so cool!
Oh, she can do a lot
more than make tea
with those hands.
Like what? Show us.
Maybe later.
I kept all your stuff.
I'll go get it.
You want to give
her a hand with that?
Hmm?
You don't remember anything?
I see flashes.
Little moments.
But I can't tell what's real.
If I could just piece together
what happened that morning...
maybe it'll all make sense.
You woke me up banging
on my door at dawn.
Your usual move.
Back then, we had
to get up so early.
The Air Force still wasn't
letting women fly combat...
so testing Lawson's
planes was our only shot
at doing something
that mattered.
You wanted to race to
base in your old Mustang...
and I wasn't about to argue,
'cause I knew my
Camaro would dominate.
But you cheated,
took a shortcut.
Since when is a
shortcut cheating?
Since it violates
the predetermined
rules of engagement.
I definitely don't
remember those.
Hmm. Of course you don't.
When I got to the hangar,
Lawson was agitated.
She said she had lives to save.
She was trying to
take the Asis up herself,
but you said that...
If there were lives at
stake, I would fly the plane.
Yeah. Yep.
Big hero moment.
The kind of moment
we'd both been waiting for.
The doc was always unique.
That's why we liked her.
But now you're saying
she's from another planet.
I know this must
be hard for you.
Oh, what? This part right here?
No.
No. Mmm-mmm.
Oh, what's hard is
losing my best friend...
in a mission so secret
they act like it never
even happened.
Hard is knowing you
were out there somewhere
too damn stubborn to die.
And now you come up
in here after six years...
with your supercharged
fire hands...
and you expect me to call you...
I don't even know what. Vers?
Is that really who you are now?
I don't know.
Come look!
This is me and you on Halloween.
I'm Amelia Earhart
and you're Janis Joplin.
Oh, this is you
when you were little.
You didn't get along
with your parents...
so Mom said we
became your real family.
This is us on Christmas.
I got my favorite
bunny slippers.
This is another picture of
you when you were little.
You've always
wanted to be a pilot.
And this is right
after you graduated.
This was your dog that
you got for Christmas...
This is a picture of everybody
from your Air Force team.
And this is you with Mom
right after a good
day of training.
These were your
three favorite guys.
Oh, wait. I forgot.
Your jacket.
Mom doesn't let
me wear it anymore
after I spilled ketchup on it.
That was all that
survived the crash.
Or so we thought.
Don't answer that.
It's just my neighbor.
They can change into anyone.
Hi there.
What do you want?
- Uh...
- Hey, Tom.
This is my friend, Carol.
Oh. Pleased to meet you.
Yowzers.
Static electricity
out here's no joke.
I noticed that peculiar bird
you got parked by the road...
and I was just wondering...
if you mind if I
bring the boys over
to get a closer look-see?
- A closer look-see?
- Yeah.
To see the "bird"
parked out by the road?
Mmm.
You're really working overtime
to sell this one,
aren't you, Talos?
I'm sorry, Tom.
This really isn't a good time.
I'll come by tomorrow, okay?
- Uh...
- Okay.
You know, you really should
be kinder to your neighbors.
You never know when
you're gonna need
to borrow some sugar.
Now, hang on a second.
Before you go swinging
those jazz hands around...
making a mess of
your friend's house...
It's a lovely home, miss.
Oh, my God!
What the hell?
No one's gonna hurt the girl.
Just don't kill me.
That would really
complicate the situation.
I'm about five seconds
from complicating that wall
with some ugly-ass
Skrull brains.
I'm sorry I simmed your boss.
But now I stand before
you as my true self.
Without deception.
And who is that out there?
Okay,
that's a fair point...
but I'm sure that you understand
I had to take some precautions.
I saw you crush
20 of my best men
with your hands bound.
I just wanna talk.
Last time we talked,
I ended up hanging
from my ankles.
That was before I
knew who you were.
Before I knew what made
you different from the others.
I have an audio
recording from Pegasus...
of your voice from a plane crash
six years ago...
on a device I believe
you call a "black box."
They told me it was
destroyed in the crash.
How'd you get it?
She don't understand.
Young lady, I have
a special skill...
that kind of allows me
to get into places I'm
not supposed to be.
Call me "young lady" again...
I'm gonna put my foot in a place
it's not supposed to be.
Am I supposed to
guess where that is?
Your ass.
Okay, I get it.
We're all a little on edge here.
But, look, I just need your help
decoding some coordinates.
If you'll sit down and
you'll listen to this...
I assure you, it'll
be worth your while.
Call your buddy back
inside and I'll listen.
Deal.
Oh, my God! Get that thing away.
How'd that get in here?
Hmm?
The cat?
This isn't what
you're afraid of, is it?
That's not a cat.
- That's a Flerken.
- A Flerken?
Mom?
So, uh, how do we find the lab?
After we lost it
the first time...
I put on a new tracker...
of sorts.
That'll work.
Is it ready or not?
We can begin the
extraction process.
Listen, Ava.
This whole thing could
be very dangerous.
Maybe we should...
Maybe we should what? Wait?
I've got days until I'm dead.
We're doing this, Bill.
Now.
Energy readings show they
have not used the tunnel yet.
We don't have much time before
Mom's location
shifts, and we lose her.
Yeah, and we have
a lot to do before then.
You know, my
pep-pep always said,
"If you want to do something
right, you make a list."
So, we should do that.
One, we have to
break into that lab.
Two, we have to kick
out Foster and Ghost.
Three, we're gonna
have to fight Ghost.
That seems like it should be part of two.
2-A, all right?
Let's call it 2-A.
Fight Ghost. 2-A.
Oh, also, we have to
make sure that the lab
is fully grown for
you to come back.
Otherwise, we're screwed.
Scott!
You want me to start again?
I'll start again...
I'm going to dive.
The only chance we got is if
the two of you are out here...
together, protecting the tunnel.
Let me do this, Hope.
Please.
Let me get her.
I think he's right.
"Whassup?"
You don't remember, uh,
that beloved commercial?
"Whassup?"
I had him follow us.
I thought we could
use some help.
All right. I'm in position.
The ants are headed in.
Copy that.
Keep your eyes peeled, Scotty.
- Do you want Pez?
- No.
Cassie gave me
this for my birthday.
By the way, I love that suit!
Thanks, man.
I wish I had a suit.
I would even like a suit with
minimal powers, you know?
Or maybe even just
a suit, with no powers.
What is it?
Don't know.
It's them!
They can't be far.
All right, Hank. Hank?
Dad, what's your status?
Foster's taken care of.
Suiting up now.
I just wanted to save Ava.
She's facing death or
something far more terrible.
She's afraid.
I'll help you find a
cure when I get back.
I promise.
Together, we'll
figure something out.
Good luck, Hank.
Thanks, Bill.
Now, I'm gonna
need you to step back.
Time remaining, 15 minutes.
Hank's in, Scott.
Any sign of her?
No, nothing yet.
Ava!
Call off the ants, Scott.
Oh, boy!
Can I get a status report?
'Cause I got some serious
Ghost problems here!
Ready to dive.
- In case I don't make it...
- Don't.
Don't say that.
I can't lose you, too.
I love you, Hope.
Guys, everything's
bad over here.
Now.
Misdirection.
One of the first
things they teach you
at Online Close-up
Magic University.
No!
Plan worked. We got it, Scotty!
Meet us at the rendezvous point.
Okay, on my way!
Oh, no.
Really? This guy again?
Who?
I told you our
business wasn't over.
Change of plans.
Hang on.
I want that lab, boys,
whatever it takes.
Hold on.
That undercarriage is filthy!
Oh, they got bigger problems.
Hope, what're you doing?
You're heading away
from the rendezvous point!
Don't worry,
I'm taking these guys
on the scenic route.
Wait, what're you...
Oh.
Oh, my God! Oh, my God!
We're gonna die!
Signal lost.
What the hell are
they doing up there?
Recalibrating.
You never said it
was so beautiful, Scott.
Recalibrating.
Okay, any time now.
- Recalibrating.
- Come on.
Signal restored.
Bikes, it's all you.
- Take the wheel.
- What? Wait! Whoa.
Well, the 60's were fun,
but now I'm paying for it.
Be careful up there!
Hey, give me a break!
I haven't driven in two years!
Oh, you got pezed!
Up here!
Oh, that's not good.
Hope!
- No!
There it is, right there.
Get the lab!
I've got her.
Westbound on Fremont.
Hope! Wait!
Hey, what about me?
We got you now, Ava!
Whoa! Oh!
Not again!
Piece of junk!
Ah! Yes!
Go, go, go, go, go!
Burch got the lab.
I'm going after him.
No, no, no, no, no, no!
Work in progress, my ass...
Scott, where are you?
I've got Burch in my sights.
Hurry!
I'm coming, I'm
coming, I'm coming!
We're running out of time.
Warning, approaching
quantum void.
I'm coming to you, honey.
Guys.
Don't you need the remote to the lab?
I just found it.
We can't grow
the lab without it.
Get it to us fast.
Yeah, but the van is busted.
Use the Hot Wheels Rally case.
What?
I love you, Dr. Pym.
The remote!
We're missing the remote!
You gotta check the van!
Huh?
Awesome!
Hey, I'm going down Pacific.
Burch's boys are all over me.
I'm on my way.
Right.
I'll get the lab.
Hi.
Oh, that's badass!
Nice.
Doink!
Come here, you little weasel!
No, you don't!
I guess maybe you do.
Come on!
Anyone see a Southern
gentleman carrying a building?
How'd he even have
time to buy a ticket?
Would you just one time,
please work!
Yes!
All right, I need help.
Oh. Sorry.
Ah...
Somebody!
Hey! Come on, man!
Not cool!
Murderers!
Yes, yes, yes, yes!
I'm gonna call you
Ant-onio Banderas!
You're a badass!
Yes!
No, no, no!
Ant-onio!
Our friends, the humpbacks,
dip in here to the
San Francisco Bay...
for a little leisure
and a little breeding.
Listen, Uzman...
And perhaps they're down below
as we speak, doing the nasty.
Just meet me at the waterfront.
In three hours.
Oh, folks.
We've barely left the dock...
but it looks like we
got some company.
Look. Right there.
Do you see it, folks?
There it is. There's a breach.
What the...?
Hi. Sorry. Hi.
It's okay. It's okay!
Sorry, I know I'm not a whale.
This will just take a second.
Hey! That doesn't belong to you!
No, no! No, no!
You're embarrassing
yourself now.
- Come on. Let go.
- No!
Thank you.
I'll take this now.
It melts your mind.
A message in your head.
I had a dream.
Daddy?
Where's Mommy?
It's where I hid every
time that we played.
I love you, Hank.
Daddy?
Dad?
What's going on?
Why haven't you found Mom?
You look lost, Hank.
Are you all right?
Still think you have
all the answers, Hank?
It's me.
I'm so sorry...
it took so long.
No.
You're here now.
Let's go home.
I thought I was gone.
But that energy
from your hands...
how did you do that?
I'm not the same woman I
was 30 years ago, Henry.
This place...
it changes you.
Adaptation is part of
it, but some of it is...
evolution.
Lab coordinates not found.
Do not ascend.
I should probably tell you
what we're dealing
with up there.
I got the lab. I got the lab.
Move. Move.
Move!
Get out of the way.
Let's go.
No one here appears
to be sure what this is.
It's gotta be 80-85 feet tall.
Get out of the way!
I got the lab.
The air feels chunky.
Oh, no. He's too big.
Scotty!
Scott!
I'm gonna go to sleep.
I'm just gonna go to
sleep now for five minutes.
I just need five minutes.
Five minutes!
You get the lab somewhere safe.
- Scott's air won't last.
- Okay.
Move!
Move! Move!
No, wait!
Lab at full scale.
They did it.
Ready to ascend.
Let's go see our daughter.
Scott!
Scott, come on, wake up!
Come on.
Come on, where are you, Scott?
Gotcha.
Scott?
Hey.
Hey, Scotty! Hope, come in.
Did you get crushed
by the building?
Where's the remote, Luis?
It's probably in there.
I don't have it.
I guess this is where we say...
Adiós, amigo.
No, no, no, no!
Thanks, guys.
Ava?
Ava!
Almost ready for extraction.
Please, stop!
People are getting hurt!
Everything hurts.
Don't talk to me about pain!
What if Hank is right?
What if this
process kills Janet?
What, you're worried about her?
All I'm saying is that
she is a brilliant scientist.
She may be able to help.
Oh, she will help.
Right now!
And if she dies, she dies!
No, no.
I'm sorry, we can't do this.
We have to find another way.
This is the way.
Janet!
She started the extraction.
She's gonna tear Mom apart.
No!
Hope!
Are you okay?
Mom?
Oh, my God.
We found you.
I missed you so much.
I missed you too, Jellybean.
It's okay.
I'm here now. We have time.
No more last-minute
business trips, okay?
I promise.
No, it's okay!
It's all right.
Just don't worry about me.
- I'll be fine.
- Dad.
Scott.
Miss Van Dyne.
It's nice to...
Well, I guess we've already met.
Yeah.
I guess we have.
Wait.
Your pain.
I can feel it.
It hurts.
It always hurts.
I'm sorry.
I think I can help you.
Did you know she could do that?
It's okay.
Guys, the cops are coming!
Whoa.
The cops are coming.
Like, all of 'em!
- I gotta go.
- We gotta go!
What about them?
Hands in the air!
- No! We are going to our jobs.
- No.
You see, we see these guys.
They trying to shoot people.
So we apprehended them.
For you. You're welcome.
We traffic in stolen technology.
And we have killed
many, many people.
Uh, he's in charge.
That's true, I am.
I've also committed
numerous health code
violations in my restaurant.
Some of them would shock you.
It is truth serum.
We gotta get outta here.
Fast.
I have an idea.
Giant figure, now spotted
at the intersection of
Broadway and Laguna.
All units move in.
Go, go!
There he is!
It's over, Scotty!
I'm sorry, but we got you, man!
Come on.
It's the end of the line, pal.
There's nowhere to hide.
Just pull off that Band-Aid!
You lost! It's okay!
Damn it, Scotty,
reduce yourself!
Magic.
Damn it!
Get to Lang's, now!
Well done, honey.
Let's go!
Leave me here.
We can make it.
You said it yourself.
I've hurt people.
But you haven't.
Go. Please!
We can make it, Ava.
Bill...
I'm not leaving you.
Oh, hey, guys.
Are my two years up already?
What's it like out there?
Huh? I mean,
do people still dance?
Are food trucks still a thing?
Well, you got away
with it this time, Scott...
but, uh, I'll be
seeing you again.
Where?
Huh?
Where will you be
seeing me again?
Like, in general...
The next time you
do something bad,
- I'll be there to catch you...
- Oh.
You'll be watching...
I thought you were
inviting me somewhere.
Why would I do that?
That's what I was wondering,
why would you do that?
Like a party, or like,
dinner or something?
I don't know.
I thought you planned the evening.
I meant, "I'll arrest
you later, again."
Of course, that
would be strange.
- Take it easy, Jimmy.
- Okay.
Did you want to grab
dinner, or something?
I mean, because I'm free...
Yeah. Come on.
Monica.
- Why can't I listen, too?
- Shh!
What's happening?
It's loading.
Punch in the coordinates
5-2-2-9, negative
4-7, 8.7-6-8, 0.2.
Copy that.
Where are we going, Doc?
My laboratory.
Your laboratory?
What do you mean?
Oh, no.
Is that...
Wait, what is that?
It's not showing up on my radar.
Go, Carol. Fly!
That's no MiG, Lawson.
Who the hell are they?
Those are the bad guys.
Fly faster now!
Yes, ma'am.
- What do they want?
- Me. My work.
I never should have
brought you along.
Here come some G's.
They're firing backwards.
Hold on!
Bail out! Bail out! Bail out!
Stay with me, Lawson!
Carol, come in. Do you copy?
Yeah, I copy. We hit ground.
Carol, are you okay?
Do you copy?
Yeah! I copy.
Doc?
Your blood.
It's blue.
Yeah, but, uh, how's my hair?
Help me out, will ya?
I gotta destroy it
before they get here.
Lawson?
You remember what I said
about our work here? What it's for?
To end wars?
Yeah. But the wars are
bigger than you know.
Damn it!
My name is not Lawson.
My real name is Mar-Vell,
and I come from a
planet called Hala.
I would say that
you're delusional...
but we just got shot
down by a spaceship
and your blood is blue.
Listen, I spent half my
life fighting a shameful war.
Now, skedaddle
before you give me
any more regrets.
Just remember the
coordinates, okay?
You gotta save 'em without me.
Save who? How?
Now I gotta blow this
engine before they find it.
What are you doing?
We have no interest
in hurting you.
No?
'Cause all the shooting kinda
gave me the wrong impression!
The energy core.
Where is it?
Pararescue's on the way.
You have two minutes
until you're surrounded.
Then I see no reason to
prolong this conversation.
No, wait!
You mean that energy core?
No!
Commander? She's still moving.
Permission to fire.
Hold your fire.
There's nothing left.
The core has been destroyed.
She absorbed its power.
She's coming with us.
He lied to me.
Everything that
I knew was a lie.
Now, you understand.
What?
What do I understand now?
Yon-Rogg killed Mar-Vell.
He killed her...
'cause she found
out that she was
on the wrong side
of an unjust war.
No.
Your people are terrorists.
They kill innocents.
I saw the ruins on Torfa.
Ruins that the Accusers
are responsible for.
My people lived as
refugees on Torfa.
Homeless, ever since
we resisted Kree rule...
and they destroyed our planet.
And the handful
of us that are left
will be slaughtered next...
unless you help me finish
what Mar-Vell started.
The core that she found
would have powered
a light-speed ship...
capable of carrying
us to safety.
A new home where
the Kree can't reach us.
Lawson always told us
that our work at Pegasus
wasn't to fight wars...
but to end them.
She wanted you to
help us find the core.
Well, I already destroyed it.
No, you destroyed the engine.
The core that powered
it is in a remote location.
If you help us decode
those coordinates...
we can find it.
You'll use it to destroy us.
We just want a home.
You and I lost everything
at the hands of the Kree.
Can't you see it now?
You're not one of them.
You don't know me.
You have no idea who I am.
I don't even know who I am!
You are Carol Danvers.
You are the woman
on that black box
risking her life to
do the right thing.
My best friend...
who supported me
as a mother and a pilot
when no one else did.
You are smart, and funny,
and a huge pain in the ass...
and you were the most
powerful person I knew...
way before you could
shoot fire from your fists.
You hear me?
Do you hear me?
Come here. Come here, girl.
I got you.
You ready?
Yeah!
- Hi.
- Hi. Hi.
Oh!
Yes, that was us.
How can I help you?
X-Con Security.
Mr. Karapetyan?
Yeah, you saw that?
It would be an honor to be
in business with you as well.
I'll see you Thursday, 9:00 AM.
Okay.
Yeah!
That's how you close a deal!
This is awesome.
So, Cassie...
what do you want to
be when you grow up?
I wanna help people...
like my dad.
Really?
I wanted to be his partner.
But he said he wants you.
Is that so?
Daddy!
Whoa! Hold on.
Move, get outta here!
Scott, don't, don't, don't!
Ow.
Oh, gross!
Ugh. I hate that moth dust!
Go! Shoo! Shoo!